here are all my answers
added a new answer!
this is my answer to 3-17

2. No.

3. Repl.it will not automatically send or replicate the files from repl.it to github until the user selects the file(s), commits them with a comment, and pushes the file(s) to github.



4. done
5. done
6. done

7. No.

8. To get the changes from github to repl.it, the user must go to the version control button on the side (it is the fork button). Once on this new tab, there should be an orange button that says pull with an arrow. Click on it. Now you have pulled from gitub and both sites match.

this is something different

9. done
10. done
11. done

12. "1 commit behind" means that the branchs are not in sync. One branch has code the other does not and the branch has commits this one doesn't. aka. one branch has not committed changes to sync with the other branch(s) 

13. A pop-up occurs and displays two buttons.
  One button says keep version on repl.it.
  One button says keep version on github.

14. I have now pulled from github.
When I chose to pull from github, it gives me conflicting changes but does NOT show my code in repl.it.
It shows One button says keep version on repl.it. One button says keep version on github.

Origin refers to remote branch on repl.it and the branches that break off from origin is the main branch from github.

Head refers to repl.it and it is what written within file(s)/data.

15. done
16. done

17. I have two branches. One is called main and another is called webdev. 


this is the very last line.

21. When I pulled from github into repl.it, it pulled all files from the webdev branch and screenshots.

22. PHP is a server-side scripting language.

23. CSS allows you to specify and organize all style information for the way your page looks.

24. HTML holds all the static content for your page and is ultimately rendered by the web browser.

25. JavaScript allows you to add code that is executed when the user performs some action (i.e., moving the mouse around on the page, clicking on text, etc...).

26. PHP allows you to dynamically generate content based on data stored on the server.

